The Joe Rogan experience, you know,
I'm the one that would break into Joe Rogan's house and steal one shoe to
somebody. You take an ounce of cocaine.
You steal one shoe, horrible. Oh, that's horrible. And then,
then you steal that.
One favorite pair of shoe. You take one shoe and you throw it away.
That destroys people psychologically for years.
They'll keep looking for that one shoe. What happened?
And then every time you see him, you'll find that shoe. No, I search them.
I'm the dirtiest bastard. I know how to flip flop.
Yet. So these guys get you in inner interrogate.
Me into the interview room and they asked me what's going on?
And I'm talking to them like, well, I don't know what happened.
The guy showed up, the guy pulled the gun. Next thing you know, I was home.
And they're like, so what happened to the guy with the machine gun?
I don't know. Did you know him? I don't know. You know?
So how did you get there? I had a bike. Well, you just said you drove. Yeah.
I drove to get the bike to, I was just with them.
Cause I wanted to get out because Don Johnson was married.
Sheila Easton on Miami vice that night I had to be home by nine that's.
All I cared about was his wedding. So I'm with the cops. I'm like,
I'm just going to go in there and talk to them. Tell them the truth that, yeah,
I went over there. They was selling drugs and my left. I had nothing to do.
What kidnapped, what are you talking about?
So we went back and forth like six hours and I still remember them sitting
there, like with their hands down and me talking about like, you know,
my uncle came from Cuba in 1952 and he worked for this guy.
And they're like, what's this got to do with what we're talking about dog.
I told him,
and then I agreed to give the guy information and I would just give him
like red bands, drivers.
Pre, and I would give.
Him Jamie's license. Like Jamie's not a drug dealer,
but I would tell him that Jamie was running kilos internationally from Europe.
They would, they would go through Jamie's life.
Imagine if Jamie was doing that and then they wouldn't find nothing.
So they would figure out the Jamie. I was playing them.
I was just giving them fake license plates. How long did you do this?
For six months. They thought they would leave the real, this,
this guy telling me he runs a big Coke from Colombia.
He knows the Choa brothers know? Yeah.
So you were just making up this crazy narrative of yokels.
It was tormenting these two cops, but the one cop wasn't going for it.
He didn't like me personally. I don't let him know that.
I didn't like him personally. It's a movie. It was a fire.
Let him know. I hate him more than what he.
Hated me. That's what I did. I let him know that I hate him more.
And every time we went to court, he would sit there across from me.
But I had to go to attorney and it was burning him up.
Cause he wanted me for kidnapping. But I'm like, not dog.
You didn't find no fingerprints on nothing. Sorry, Charlie, not this time.
You are.
A man who has done one of the most difficult things a person could do.
He lost a of.
Weight. Yeah. And then maintain. Keep, yeah. That's harder.
Right? That's the hard part. Yeah. Yeah.
The momentum of losing the weight is good, but most people,
they get to a point and they want to take a break and then once they take a
break, then it all slides. Yeah.
It's a bit of both. Sometimes I want to take a break,
but then I want to get to that next level. So then next get back on it. We're.
Talking about Gucci mane before we start a podcast.
Gucci is the guy who's done that. Yes. He's maintained and looks amazing.
He was a big fella at one point in time when he had bird tattooed on his face.
And ice cream cone.
And now he's shredded. Yeah. Ice cream.
Well you were saying it was lean, right? Yeah. For sure. Yeah.
Coding will play a lot of weight on.
It. The difference, man. That is crazy. Well, he wasn't.
Too fat. Yeah. That's like, yeah.
That's kind of like him mid losing weight and that one,
you can find some real chunky picture of him.
Yeah. He got sick. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah. Me and my wife all the time, we look at him and his wife, the pictures,
they take what they do and I'm like, I want to hit in that direction.
What do you do for working out? I.
Had my trainer about three days a week, sometimes two days a week.
And then on top of that and we'll do, you know,
just different circuits back chest, you know, whatever, whatever legs.
And then, um, I didn't the other days,
I'm always just trying to make sure I hit the treadmill twice a day for two
miles on an incline. Yeah. Really? You do it twice a day. Yeah.
In the morning and night I don't do much otherwise. So you know, all,
especially now a lot of my stuff is sitting in front of a computer,
podcasting playing games on Twitch and stuff like that. So I feel like, oh,
I'm going to spend that long. I got to start today. Treadmill end the day.
Treadmill. That's discipline. I like that. It is. I hate it. So.
Definitely. But you liked the results. Yeah.
I like how it feels like the compliments, you know,
I was just doing this thing the other day and um, uh,
Jake Johnson and the guy from new girl, I'm in a cartoon with him and like,
that's like, you know, he's like a leading man dream Bodhi guy.
And he's looking at me. He's like, man, he's like, you're looking good, man.
You just got your together. You're going to get about, to lead your own show.
And I hear like that. And I'm like, okay,
I better go get on that treadmill again. Yeah. Yeah. That helps. Right.
It really does. Yeah. The.
Positive feedback and positive energy.
That's one thing that I like about what you do. You are very positive.
Like you're, you're very warm and friendly. Like all the that you do online,
you're all smiling, positive and friendly. It's cool. It's got,
it gives off a good vibe.
Like when I look at your Instagram posts or read something that you post it's
like Ron is on the good path.
People have a very poor judge of character. She doesn't seem nice.
It seems forced people that are like that all the time. It doesn't seem nice.
It's very forced and whatever. You're allowed to be a, right.
You're allowed to be a.
You're allowed to be nasty to people you're accomplished or comedian.
You did the whole thing. What you're not allowed to do, um,
is Guantanamo bay situation in the backstage of your
show where everybody's walking around afraid for their life.
And it's like Abu Ghraib where they're hooked up to wires and they have like,
yeah, she's got dogs and birds. If an intern's late, they have a hood on.
I don't support that.
That's just me. Yeah. Yeah. I'm with you. Yeah. I mean, you know,
I wish you the best.
Around for too long course. All these people walk away.
You've been famous forever. Walk away.
Like eventually everybody they're just going to figure it out.
Now Fallon's on an apology door, apology tour because of the black face. Like,
is he, well, he was like,
he had to go around and apologize a million times for like,
they're going to find the thing. If you don't go away, you gotta,
you gotta have a good run. And then we have a good run.
You step back and you go, okay, I'm still gonna do my thing. But like, I'm not.
I mean, there's only a few jobs in entertainment. Right? Right.
So I think a lot of the cancel culture is probably these want those jobs. Ooh.
They're like, how long has this pitch going to be dancing?
I can dance with Hillary Clinton.
I could do the Charleston with Henry Kissinger or whatever the she does out
there. The Charleston, she goes out there to the Charleston, has got war,
criminals, her and push her jumping around. I mean, she was buddies with Bush.
Oh, Steven in paddock. And do not ask me for sources, but at the Stephen,
Stephen paddock who's that he was the guy that shot up the Vegas
concert. That was a very tragic thing. Listen to this.
The only guy that saw Stephen paddock alive, his name is Hayes.
Hazy was compost. He was a guard at Mandalay bay.
He got interviewed nowhere else.
You know where he got interviewed in the beginning, Ellen, Ellen, really weird.
And then they went on. If you could find that clip,
they went on with a weird like diagram of how it happened in Ellen's like
showing the people. I would not like an emotional, like, how are you feeling?
How are you holding up? It was a weird diagram of like,
and then he went to the left and to the right.
It was very strange to look what the hell's going on. This is a daytime show,
which.
Is the paddock guy. And there's two guys.
In the chubby. Your guy is the hazy sky. And now Ellen is doing a doc thing of,
of how the shooting happened.
Yeah. Like an antenna from someone's Buick that she's passed out,
which is usually as a pointer. Why the hell.
Is this happening on like a daytime show where she did, this is weird.
Where'd she get that pointer? She stole it off.
She stole it off an intern's car.
You just use your finger. Like if that was you,
if it was your show at the time Dylan show, when you just point. Yeah.
This is also a giant screen behind her.
So they could just put it on that screen. But she's.
Using it. This, I find it very strange. I don't know.
Why I'm in it. Those aren't real Palm trees. No. Yeah.
I know that street though. I know that block.
Beverly Hills, that she is fired up the vape.
Is that the vape cigarettes to Juul.
And camels coffee and a smoothie. I wasn't sure what to expect.
What would you, what, what was your worst case scenario?
Oh my God. Worst case scenario. I pooped my pants right off the bat.
Have you done that before? Like when you get nervous? Not when I get nervous,
but I used to well want in college, you poop your pants. Yeah, I was,
yeah. I was hung over. I Chipola, I enjoy poli pretty much every day in college.
That's not good for, it was not good at all. Yeah.
Actually Chipotle like those bowls, they are pretty good.
Like if you get like one of those steak bowls with rice,
like that's about as clean.
As you can eat. Yeah.
And in college it was nice because you could eat like half of a bowl and be like
super full and then eat the other half later.
And you can do the tricks of getting half steak, half chicken or something.
That way they give you more. Oh, is that a trick? I don't think it is a trick.
I think they have like a scooper. They have a scooper,
but if you say you want half this and half that,
they're not going to put half in the scooper.
They're putting a full scooper in there.
And then you're getting a full pooper on the couch and college. Yeah.
Sorry to hear about the poop and the pants. All right. People.
Are very embarrassed about that, but it does happen if you take chances.
I feel like it happens to every, everyone has a poop story. I hope if.
You don't, I feel like you just not taking enough chances with your.
Diet. And it's like, I think everyone's poop.
Story starts out with them being like, oh, I thought I was going to fart.
And then it was not. Yeah, that's in the car. That's when it happens, honestly,
on the drive up here, I, I had a little bit of gas and I was like,
just wait until you're there.
Hold it because you don't want to take any risks right now. So I,
you know, it actually worked out. I, I let it out.
There was a podcast once where I legitimately thought,
do you remember who it was a religion. He thought I was going to. My pants.
I was like pinching my, my abs down. I was crunching myself. Like,
listen, if I don't get out of here right now,
I don't know if I'm going to make it. I don't remember who it was,
but I might even set it on the air.
I remember it happening, but I don't remember who was in the room.
I barely got out.
It's kind of a nice feeling though. I liked that. Like adrenaline rush of like,
I need to hold, like, it really tests my skills.
Cramming for a test. Like, oh my God, there's not much.
Time left. Yeah. I dropped out of college. So like,
I feel like me trying to hold in a poop is the most cramming for a test.
I feel like I did. Why.
Did that is a psychological thing. The cramming thing.
They say that some people like procrastinate until they know they just,
they have to like, okay, I'm going to stay up all night. I'm a procrastinator.
Yeah.